title;answer;explanation
City Implements Fine for Walking Too Slowly on Busy Sidewalks;fake;Fake! This is an irrational and unimportant law. This heading is trolling, law makers are interested in pedestrian safety, not speed.
New Study Finds That Chocolate Chip Cookies are a Superfood;fake;Fake! No studies like this have come out and it goes against basic critical thinking, sugar is only good in moderation and definitely not a superfood.
School Gets Rid of Homework, Saying it is Unnecessary to Student Learning;real;Real! Other studies have previously supported this finding, saying that homework isn't the most effective way of solidifying learning and a source of student stress.
The Election was Rigged—Here's Why Voters are Demanding a Redo;fake;Fake! This heading is using conspiracy to support their own agenda. Voting is a highly secure and accurate process, and this headline is promoting polarization amongst voters.
Neuralink Allows Monkeys to Play Video Games;real;Real! Technology has gotten advanced to this level and generally aligns with the current abilities and breakthroughs of today. 
Companies Have Developed Edible Coffee Cups to Reduce Waste;real;Real! Many companies have started making their operations more sustainable as climate change and pollution becomes increasingly more pressing.
Teach CEO Admits AI Is Secretly Controlling the Government;fake;Fake! This heading uses impersonation and fear mongering. It uses the title of a reliable figure, like a tech CEO, to cause support their own individual conspiracy without evidence or data.
Study Finds That People Who Oppose New Laws Are Less Intelligent Than Supporters;fake;Fake! This heading uses polarization to insult one side of the debate and spread generalizations about that group, spreading misinformation and increasing divide.
Highschool Implements 'Nap Period' to Boost Student Focus;real;Real! It is well known that sleep improves focus, highschooler are known for having some of the poorest sleeping habits ever, making this a realistic headline.
New Study Reveals Listening to Cat Purring Can Reduce Stress Better than Meditation;real;Real! People use pets as service animals for their ability to calm and support. It is also common for people to listen to repetitive noises, like rain or white noise, to calm down, making this headline about cats real.